Bump holochain version (#23)
Sprillow/holochain-runner: README.md

## Bootstrap Networking Service

> This library is currently by default pointed at the `wss://signal.holotest.net` node discovery service, but can be overridden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library is currently by default pointed at the `https://bootstrap.holo.host` node discovery service, but can be overridden.
```

sorry I feel like I created confusion. The node discovery service is still the bootstrap server. I will explain this stuff sometime soon
